---
weight: 40
title: Release 10.14.0.0
layout: bundle
---

<!--10.13.1.0 - 10.13.-->

### Improvements

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
OPC UA</td>
<td> The Swagger UI has been updated to the secure version 3.0.0 to address security vulnerabilities in the previous version. </td>
<td>
MTM-43089</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
OPC UA</td>
<td> To achieve higher security, the encryption method for the private key, which is used in the opcua-device-gateway to identify the application, has been changed. As a result, running previous versions of the opcua-device-gateway is no longer supported. </td>
<td>
MTM-40343</td>
</tr>


</tbody></table></div>



### Fixes

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td> Fixed an issue where the UI was unresponsive after some measurement types had been deleted but were still considered as supported by the device, until the removal of the event had been fully processed by the server-side application. </td>
<td>
MTM-41483</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td> The LWM2M post-registration operations are delivered for execution via the real-time channel. If the device is not internally subscribed yet, then the pending operations will now also be internally fetched by another process for execution. </td>
<td>
MTM-42865</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
LWM2M</td>
<td> When the protocol resource type is configured as a string it is not possible to receive numeric values which are expected to be processed as numeric data. The LWM2M agent only reads the data and logs a "Measurement creation is skipped for non-numeric value mapping:" message and creates an alarm. The values are not processed, because the agent doesn't expect the measurement as a string but only Boolean, integer or float.
<br>
This issue is now resolved. The agent accepts numeric (integer and float) values sent as a string. In addition also the following strings will be treated as  numeric values:
<br>- Any positive or negative numeric sequence with leading 0 (zero) will be interpreted as octal value, but will be transformed and stored as a decimal number
<br>- Any positive or negative alphanumeric sequence containing letters from A to F, starting with 0x will be interpreted as hex value, but will be transformed and stored as a decimal number
<br>
Strings which do not meet these requirement won't be processed and an error message will be logged. See also <a href="https://cumulocity.com/guides{{< 10-14-0 >}}/protocol-integration/lwm2m/#overview" class="no-ajaxy">LWM2M > Overview</a> in the <i>Protocol integration guide</i>. </td>
<td>
MTM-43661</td>
</tr>


</tbody></table></div>
