content/asciidoc-welcome/intro-documentation.adoc, before:

---
weight: 10
title: Asciidoc -- Introduction
layout: bundle
aliases:
  - /about-doc/intro-documentation
  - /users-guide/enterprise-edition/#tenant-sla-monitoring
  - /users-guide/enterprise-tenant/#tenant-sla-monitoring
  - /benutzerhandbuch/enterprise-edition-de/#tenant-sla-monitoring
  - /benutzerhandbuch/enterprise-tenant-de/#tenant-sla-monitoring
---

This documentation describes the *10.10.0 release (July 2021)* of the
\{\{< product-c8y-iot >}} platform. It includes all new features and
functionality introduced with release 10.10.0 (see the
https://%7B%7B%3C%20domain-c8y%20%3E%7D%7D/guides/releasenotes/release-10-10-0/overview-10-10-0/[Release
notes] for details).

____
*Important:* Depending on the \{\{< product-c8y-iot >}} plan your
organization has purchased, only a subset of the features and
functionalities described in this documentation might be available to
you.

Please refer to the link:%7B%7B%3C%20link-c8y-pricing%20%3E%7D%7D[\{\{<
c8y-pricing >}}] for details on the plans available, and refer to your
contract for details on your particular subscriptions.
____

To access the documentation index, click the arrow icon in the selection
field below the logo on the top left:

image::/images/about/welcome-selection.png[Select guide]

____
*Info:* The *Installation and Operations guides* for the \{\{<
product-c8y-iot >}} platform are not publicly available. They are
provided on the
link:%7B%7B%3C%20link-sag-documentation%20%3E%7D%7D[\{\{< company-sag
>}} \{\{< sag-portal >}}], see
link:/welcome/additional-resources/[Additional resources].
____

Commit message:

variables in asciidoc, admonition block example

content/asciidoc-welcome/intro-documentation.adoc, after:

---
weight: 10
title: Asciidoc -- Introduction
layout: bundle
aliases:
  - /about-doc/intro-documentation
  - /users-guide/enterprise-edition/#tenant-sla-monitoring
  - /users-guide/enterprise-tenant/#tenant-sla-monitoring
  - /benutzerhandbuch/enterprise-edition-de/#tenant-sla-monitoring
  - /benutzerhandbuch/enterprise-tenant-de/#tenant-sla-monitoring
---

include::content/asciidoc-welcome/include.asciidoc.txt[]

This documentation describes the *10.10.0 release (July 2021)* of the
{product-c8y-iot} platform. It includes all new features and
functionality introduced with release 10.10.0 (see the
https://{domain-c8y}/guides/releasenotes/release-10-10-0/overview-10-10-0/[Release
notes] for details).

____
*Important:* Depending on the {product-c8y-iot} plan your organization has purchased, only a subset of the features and functionalities described in this documentation might be available to you.

Please refer to the link:{link-c8y-pricing}[{c8y-pricing}] for details on the plans available, and refer to your contract for details on your particular subscriptions.
____

To access the documentation index, click the arrow icon in the selection
field below the logo on the top left:

image::/images/about/welcome-selection.png[Select guide]

____
*Info:* The *Installation and Operations guides* for the {product-c8y-iot} platform are not publicly available. They are provided on the link:{link-sag-documentation}[{company-sag} {sag-portal}], see link:/welcome/additional-resources/[Additional resources].
____

NOTE: A sample note.
