---
weight: 40
title: Release 10.14.0.0
layout: bundle
---

<!--10.13.1.0 - 10.13.59.0 -->

### Improvements

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Authentication</td>
<td> Added a description on how to disable TOTP for a user to <a href="https://cumulocity.com/guides{{< 10-14-0 >}}/users-guide/administration/#tfa" class="no-ajaxy">Administration > Two-factor authentication > TOTP</a> in the <i>User guide</i>. </td>
<td>
MTM-42594</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Data Broker</td>
<td> Updated the pulsar-client to version 2.8.2 to address security vulnerabilities identified in version 2.7.0. </td>
<td>
MTM-43194</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
 Realtime </td>
<td> The "hello-world notification microservice", which serves as an example of the new Notifications 2.0 functionality, lacked a detailed user description. New instructions have been added that provide step-by-step setup, even for a first time user. A new script to simplify the setup process has been added as well, which helps in setting up a measurement device and simulate sending measurements.
See <a href="https://github.com/SoftwareAG/cumulocity-examples/tree/develop/hello-world-notification-microservice" class="no-ajaxy">https://github.com/SoftwareAG/cumulocity-examples/tree/develop/hello-world-notification-microservice</a> for full details and instructions. </td>
<td>
MTM-42420</td>
</tr>


</tbody></table></div>



### Fixes

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td> In the <b>Applications</b> page it is now possible to delete the current application if a subscribed application with the same context-path exists. Prior to this change, deleting the current application was permitted, which made it difficult to delete custom Administration applications (as this is usually the application used when deleting an applications). </td>
<td>
MTM-43280</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Core platform</td>
<td> Responses to the HEAD/GET requests to the file repository now return a Content-Length header which lets the requesting clients know the size of the files before downloading them. This makes the progress bar in the file repository more reliable. </td>
<td>
MTM-41679</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Enterprise Tenant</td>
<td> Custom brandings are now always shown when applying a new branding to child tenants. Prior to this change, it could happen that in some combinations the Cumulocity IoT branding was shown. </td>
<td>
MTM-43088</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Microservices</td>
<td> Fixed the issue where the microservice proxy removed trailing slashes from request URIs passed to microservices. </td>
<td>
MTM-43037</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Microservices</td>
<td> The error message which shows up on uploading an invalid microservice docker image has been improved. </td>
<td>
MTM-39240</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
MQTT</td>
<td> Fixed a race condition, where TCP packets were received in wrong order, resulting in the operation status reverting back to PENDING state on a delivery update. </td>
<td>
MTM-39815</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
REST API</td>
<td> Fixed a race condition during event binary upload which caused a wrong binary assignment. </td>
<td>
MTM-43591</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>
